=================
Otters From Space
=================


Chapter One
===========

Mr Cavalleo sneered an ugly sneer like his soul has forgotten what
other people might feel.


And pointed the large pistol at Johnny's head from just a few feet
away and pulled the trigger.


It seemed time slowed down.


Johnny saw the bullet leave the gun, heading straight for his right
eye.  The flame from the cartridge burst around the dark shadow of the
bullet, like pictures of a solar eclipse from a book, the Moon getting
larger and closer at deadly speed.


And then it wasn't.  The Bullet had stopped - about six inches in
front of Johnny's right eye.  It stopped because it was now held by a
small clawed paw.  The ripples from the impact of the bullet hitting
the paw were travelling down the small creatures arm, fluffing out the
wet fur in circles down the arm towards the body.


The bullet itself had become odd and misshapen - the back part of the
bullet was still round and flat but the front half had molded itself
to the paw, trying to edge round between each individual claw like
steel silly putty.


The creature was looking sideways back at Johnny.  It reminded Johnny
of the time his friend at school Benny, had caught a tennis ball
thrown really hard in a game of "duck or hurt" - instead of the usual
laugh and smile Benny had just turned and looked back at Hohnny and
gave him this "That was awesome, but I'm just going smile a tiny part
of my mouth and be cool, because that is awesomer "


Yeah that's how the Otter was looking at him.  "Just how awesome am I"


Then the otters eyes slid back to Mr Cavalleo.  Mr Cavalleo's own eyes
were trying to catch up with events.  After trying to simply kill a
small child with a shot to the head, Mr Cavalleo's eyes (and the rest
of him) was trying to get a better look at what seemed impossible -
the bullet had stopped, no, it had been *caught*.  By something that
looked like an ... Mr Cavalleo stuck his neck forward to get a better
look.  Turns out that was a bad idea.


Otters, it seems, don't like cold hearted vicious would be child
killers.  So the otter head-butted him.  Hard.


Now an otter weighs only three or four 

pounds, even wet.  And Mr Cavalleo weighs at least 20 Stone.  In
normal circumstances (if you can ever call getting an otter nutting
you between the eyeballs *normal*) in normal circumstances the otter
would have pretty much no effect.


It certainly would not throw Mr Cavalleo backwards fully six feet to
land spreadeageled against the wall, brick dust spreading down.


The otter landed lightly back down on Johnny's lap, and jumped down to
the floor, tossing the lump of metal that mere seconds ago was going
to end Johnny's life over his furry shoulder.


Come on, said the otter to Johnny, let's get you out of here. then we
can find your parents.


Johnny scrambled after the otter now walking out the door and down the
hall, while behind the the limp body of Mr Cavalleo peeled itself off
the wall and thumped down to the floor.

Blurb
=====
Billy thinks he is having a bad day.  His parents have been kidnapped,
a billion dollar secret formula has been stolen, and a cold-blooded,
evil killer has a gun pointed at his head.

All Billy has on his side is an Otter he befriended in the river
earlier in the day.

An Otter from Space.

Billy's day is about to get a lot better.  And a whole lot more exciting.

And anyone not on the Otter's side is about to have a really, *really* bad day.

